certain skills that I wish that I had mastered before I had started, um,
was probably administrative skills. So, you know, earlier on in my
career I was very good at the technical aspect and the operating aspect.
It wasn't until I really moved on to recruiting duty where I
really I had a hard look at my administrative skills because at that
time we still kind of hand wrote contracts out and there was a lot
of pages with that. And if you made a single clerical error, you had
to kind of start all over again with the paperwork. And so doing four
years of recruiting duty will definitely make you a lot better at
your administrative side. And so I wish I had kind of had known that
earlier on, because it would have saved me a lot of late nights and
a lot of do overs with paperwork and things like that, as I have moved
on to having to be more strata administratively sound as I moved
up in leadership positions and my career is a hole